Add troubleshooting document (#2700)
Azure/typespec-azure: website/src/content/docs/docs/migrate-swagger/01-get-started.md

  1. Recompile your TypeSpec files with `tsp compile .` in your TypeSpec folder.
  2. Run the `npx tsmv` command again with the same parameters.
  3. Review the updated differences in VS Code.
  4. Make further adjustments as needed. Refer to [Understanding the Must-have Breaking Changes](./faq/mustread.md) to understand expected breaking change and mitigation steps. For more effective visualization, fix differences in this recommended order:
     - Path (route) differences first
     - Definition (model) name differences next
     - Detail differences within paths and definitions last

### Create Spec PR with new TypeSpec project

- In your `readme.md` file, under your latest tag, change the `input-file` to the swagger generated from your TypeSpec.

> - Delete your previous swagger files if they are not referenced from the readme file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the generated swagger file(s) for the latest version changed name, delete the old swagger file(s) no longer referenced in README.md
```
